what's going on guys phil here from the
sydney trains channel i'm here at
central platform 2425 and request for
jim you late
age 42 and 27 has just a part of the
platform
I was got off his tan go over here front
half is going to be 1797 which has been
with him what down for a while
waterfall firewall a creek service
three half of the tanker is 1036
Sandara rubbing
24 Bondi Junction 7
festival by while at Creek last you 25
t1
lady car day six 106
as an express service Redfern Black
Creek and Estoril only
that's it over there used to be Hornsby
set t66 but since its moved to model and
it has been retargeted I will tell you a
new tap new set number once it comes
past so it used to be t 66 one of
Hornsby steps now somewhat bouncer
day6 1 1 o n 5 1 1 o n5 triple one day 6
triple 1 L economist
the set number is
take 52
Grayson is t11 which also used to be a
point to be set first will express
departing platform 25
Christon t41
next rain 25 is first with wire Banksia
Redfern Sydenham Tempe Willow Creek on
left bank Zia Rockdale Kagura Carlton
Aloha and Festival next trainer platform
24 Bondi Junction town warm up in place
Kings Cross edge Krish Bondi Junction
Festival service arriving on platform 25
leading set is T 46
as feel service about of the pat button
once a couple more passengers get on
and of
and take away to the last minute
a 42 is the rehab
people who don't know about the unused
platform of the central platform 26 and
27 they're like a right above us so
unfortunately I can't get in there I
wish I could then I would loved that but
yes unfortunately I can't get in there
Bondi Junction service leading set is
tape 51 which was also wants me sex
versus uptown hole and Mark place Kings
Cross edge grip and
great laugh is T 107 Oscar arriving
alongside platform 25
the rear half is h6 if anyone has new
requests about where they want me to
vlog or what they want me to vlog just
as long as it's to do Sydney trains New
South Wales trains and your South Wales
tram Lee don't hesitate to put it in the
comment section I will complete your
request anyway guys I'm going to wrap
this vlog up now don't forget to put me
a thumbs up and subscribe thank you very
much for watching and I'll see